Great Mayan Civilization

Maya 300-900 AD

Great city of Choplan
Vast cities of 50.000 inhabitants each
matematics, astronomy, immense public works, water works, complicated calendar
achieved by human hands alone, no domesticated pack animal

lost 90% of the population due to foreing disease spread by mules and other
pack animals

capital Kalakmul
one of the greatest cities of the world
Takal, Caracol, Coba, Palenque, Pieres Negras,Yaxchilan and Copan  are also important cities
Mayapan    cities
El Mirador and Naqbe
El Mirador has the largest pyramind in the world

Mayan still survives in these days in north guatemala, keeping alive their traditions,
oral and rituals, speaking on of the 28 maya languages

Cordoba's men were assaulted by mayan warriors, killing most of them and Cordoba.
The survivors escaped abck to Spain, but the gold taken with them sparked curiosity and
dreams of adventures.
More conquistadores came in and brought guns and horses with them.
The europeans won the day thanks to the artillery pieces.
Despite Cortez expeditions to defeat the Aztecs, the colonization of Central America was slow.
The conquistadores in the land of the Mayans were the slowest to perform colonization.

Alvaro and his lieutenant were the most cruel and they exterminated many natives.

Nachi cocon, waged war against the city of Chizen Itza, 600 years before the arrival of the
Spaniards. Montejo turned the Mayan city of Copan into the actual city of Merida.
The mayans were devastated by foreign sickness, like typhus.
It's incredible that the Mayans put up a fight at all, despite all the
clear disadvantages

Two famous explorers of the Mayan civilization were
who visited more than 44 sites
they died of malaria


There were speculatins of the mitylogy of the Mayan's.
In particular, about their world origin.
Some people said that the origin of the Mayas were due
to hebrew colonist from ten tribes of Israel.
Others speculate that the Mayans had an Asiatic or Greco-Roman or Egyptian origin

Many europeans arrived to the North America by accident

Moon goddes Ixchan, rescued some casted away drifters of an european ship
as they thought they were gifts from the spirit world.
Then they sliced they chest, gauged their hearts and ate their bodies.
Seven survivors were kept in a cage in order to be fatten up for
the next sacrifice. After many years, only two survived.
A priest was rescued by Cortez's men.
He became an hermit and an interpreter.
The other one became a soldier for Nachancan, Mayan king,
he became a warrior, got a wife and children, and he became complitely integrated
in the Mayan society. He even organized a harsh resistence against
the Spaniards, and more importantly, against Francisco de Montejo.
He helped the Mayans both through disinformation and military action.

Sacrifices were part of Mayan society, and self sacrificie by nobles and rules.
This ensured prosperity as the sacrifices would help the gods.
It was considered natural.

After the first contact of missionaries, idiosyncretism began.
The Mayans worshipped the cross as a separate entity.
Old traditions die hard, and they began worshipping Jesus among
other gods.

Mayans believed in magic and overnatural elements.
The Mayans also sacrificed boys and girls for the rain god, Tlaloc.
Oftens were sacrificed for the chief, Cahik, as the gods could
live longer.
The Inquisition killed many men who committed blasphemy.
A man got killed as he proclaimed itself as the son of God.
Another for killing two children as a sacrifice for God.
Many myths enphasized the concept of a good death.
For Mayans it's important to sacrifice their lives and martyrdom was popular.
Mayrtyrdom was revered as the ultimate way to go.

The Inquisition was very harsh against the Mayans, they
even banned traditional mayan clothing

The priest used a secret language to communicate with the gods

Self sacrifice, human sacrifices, life force, new sickeness brought by
european pack animals, The Olmecs, Mayans still today.
Guatemala, Chapas, Honduras.