EGYPT
Tutorial, nothing much to say, best mission is either n 12° or n 11°.
n 9° and n 10° Are quite good too.
GREECE
N 1° is a simple match
N 2° is more complicated than 1 but ends too quickly and abruptly
N 3° is a long slog and boring. Enemies are too heavily fortified
N 4° Enemies are too heavily fortified
N 5° Annoying pirates attack extremely earlier, otherwise, the
enemies lose steam too quickly
N 6° The siege is cool, but too short and the enemies give up
after the docks are destroyed
N 7° is long and boring
N 8° has the biggest glow up, while keeping the wonder theme,
but the enemies gives up after red kicks the bucket
BABYLON
N 1° Fuck off. Stupid dumb priest
N 2, 3,  boring
N 4° interesting, but enemies is dumb
N 5° long and boring, similar to Greece N 7°
N 6° probaly the best scenario, but I hate using priests,
their conversion is too random and unpredictable
N 7°, 8° the two best scenarios of the campaign.
There's a lot going on, but the enemies are retarded
and predictable. Too heavily fortified, especially in N 8°
YAMATO
1,2 are boring and repetitive
3 you are using priests but there's no time limit, so it's okay-ish
4 the enemies attack you very early, but otherwise, they are sitting ducks
5 not bad
6 good constraint, but the enemies lose steam if you cut all the wood,
there's no incentive to not deforest the whole map and starve the foes
of resources
7,8 not bad, but not great either, pretty boring
RISE ROME
1 enemies get nasty fast, so you have to rush your defenses, after
that, the game is pretty much over
2 I wish I could have more manpower to gather and build faster
3 pretty boring slog
4 fuck this map. Enemies are many and you have little time
to make a consistent attack. Rush red or retry
5 just cut off the enemy's supply line and you've won
6 yellow and red will do nothing. Just defeat Orange and take
his resources.
CAESAR
Just use Cesar, lol
IMPERIUM ROMANUM
1 get rid of red first, then build as many ships to get rid of all the other enemies
2 mildly more interesting than the first scenario.
Enemies are plenty and you have a lot of things to do, significantly better
than the original scenario
3 Make sure to set up defense early or you're dead. Otherwise,
you'll have to waste half an hour to escort little dinky relic to the Persians
4 Enemis are slow. Mission is boring
5 Quick and short, just as I like it. Build 10000 legionaries and ballistas, that's it
ENEMIES OF ROME
boring, boring, boring, not even worth the effort to describe this
HITTITES
N 1° it's the Holy man, but slightly easier
N 2° it's a slogn against 3 Babylon players. It sucks
N 3° it's the best of the three, but the enemies are very dense and unyielding
FIRST PUNIC WAR
N 1, 3 are interesting but takes way too long to complete
N 2 is a joke. Enemies will barely attack you. You have all the
time in the world to defeat them.
