It's card game based around Age of Empires.

The player has cards, and resource bars.
The player can deploy units by choosing a card and paying a cost in resources.
The player has 4 resource bars: red, blue, green and yellow.
If the player reaches zero in any of the 4 bars, he loses.
The goal of the player is to play cards in order to deplete any of the 4 opponent bars.
SOme special, abilities, like Royal Sigyl, ensure that the player has to deplete all 4 bars
in order to lose.

RESOURCES
They can be obtained at a fixed rate form the Worker Card, the Town Center or
the Passive Income trick.

Cards are divided in units, tricks and buildings.

UNITS
Some unit have a class (infantry, archer, cavalry), health bar, armor, atk, range, speed and
other special abilities. All units and their abilities have a cost (even 0) split between
the 4 resource bars. Some units have bonus damage vs other units.
Non-siege units can be healed by monks. Siege units can be repaired by workers.

TRICKS
One use cards with a strong non repeatable effect. They cost any of the 4 resources.

BUILDINGS
Like unit cards, but they can't move. Some of them can attack units in range.

BATTLE
The units will move and attack enemies in range in a turn based system.
The opposingplayer can be attacked only after all of his units and buildings are
either destroyed or stunned. Some units damages all enemies and the player at the
same type. Buildings can be placed only is the player's side.

ATTRIBUTES
Health bar: represent the vitality of a unit. If it reaches zero, the unit is eliminated
Atk: represent the damage caused. The higher, the more damage. It's present
in 5 types: slash, pierce, fire, thunder, true.
Armor: reduce damage taken from said amount. Same types as atk.
Range: number of tiles this unit attack can reach. There could be a minimum range.
Speed: number of tiles it can move before attacking. Some units can move after attacking.
Also, it represent the order this unit act first. Higher speed, means act first among all others.