According to legends, one day, the Creator made the
spirits of Os and As, which represent the forces
of masculinity(Os) and femininity(As). They were made intelligent
and benevolent. The Creator was also the only deity for
the Anima. It created the world as they know it.
One day, As and Os watched the some animals play
together, and realized that they weren't able to
have feelings or emotions. They asked to the Creator
to grant them the ability to have feelings and the
ability to be happy and feel love. The Creator granted
their wish. Os and As became the first male and female
Anima people. They noticed that they lost the ability
to channel the forces of nature. This ability is
called magic. They asked to the Creator the ability
to cast magic. The Creator granted them even this wish.
It casted a powerfulbeam of light. For this, both
Os and As lost their pupil and irises. Their eyes
became completely white. Os and As had numerous children
and live up to over 300 years old each.

Every Anima person is capable to cast magic, as if,
everyone is a mage. However, Anima who don't practice
magic at all, eventually lose this ability. Anima
who have lost the ability to cast spells are called
"disconnected", as they are not connected to the
lyne lines who connect the forces of the universe.
These people are shunned and scorned from the other
"connected" Anima. They believe in the existence of ley lines,
which are flow of mana that connect the forces of the universe.
Mana is also known as life force. It used to cast spells.
Every living beings and some crystals have a variable
quantity of mana. A being without any mana will perish
after a short while. While Anima can hold much more mana
than any other living being(weight for weight) they
cannot simply spam spells as they please. Consuming
large quantities of mana can lead to many beings dying,
resulting in catastrophic events, such as tornadoes,
earthquakes, floodings and droughts.
So, the Anima know how to handle the mana. It is an important
resource, needed by every Anima. Furthermore, each Anima
has to consume a small quantity of mana. Without it, they
would wither away. 

Anima began conquering the continent they were born pretty quickly.
With no hostile animal or other foreign nations, they took control
of all the mountains, forests and lakes. Their continent
is full of mountains, rivers, cave and rich in all kinds of
minerals. The Anima are surprisingly strong. They are sligthly
taller than humans(on average), and are very active. Adults
can jump up to 3 meters vertically. They climb and run often
as physical excercise is demanded by law. Since all Anima are mages,
they can potentially destroy buildings by accident. In order to
prevent young fire mages to torch down houses, all buildings
are made of stone and other durable materials.
Their researchers work fast and have developed a lot of technologies.
All young Anima attend lessons of mathematics, phisics and chemistry
in order to learn the basics of magic.This is because the ability
to cast fire or thunder still follows the rule of physics.
Their religion is monotheistic, with the Creator as the one god,
but also believe in spirits. Spirits aren't neither inherentely
evil or good, they simply follows their whim without morals
or ethics. Sometimes it's hard to cast complex spells, so
promoted mages can summon a spirit to use as a medium
to cast powerful spells. THe spirits get convinced to stick
to the caster for a small price of mana and the witness the spectacolar
art of the mage casting the spell. There are 12 spirits, one for each
magical discipline. Multiple casters can have the benefit of the same
spirits, as they only care for how many times a spell is casted.
Think of spirits as chat bots. They don't care about the caster, but
only about the service they can deliver.

After some centuries, discord began to spread. The Anima fought
each others for dominion. After many wars, they started to settle down
their rivalries and formed a new government. Each of the 8 nobles houses
would send a champion to the tournament. The winner would become king for
5 years. Later, 4 new houses, one for each new discipline, joined
the tournament. The King had almost all powers, but he still had to
plan rules with the members of the other houses. A new law or decree
is passed only if 5 of 8, or 7 of 12 members would approve it.

The Anima known 12 magical disciplines, 8 old and 4 new:
Old ones: Fire(heat), Ice(cold-negative heat), thunder(electricity),
wind(particles moving from one place to another), earth(dirt,rocks), 
water(well, water), light(photons,but also holy magic), 
dark(a combination of body,mind and gravity).
New ones: sound(sound waves, often associated with music),
toxic(natural radiations, toxic subtances, body fluids),
metal(all kinds of metal, sometimes magnetism),
plant(wood and all parts of the plants)

The Anima don't believe in distinct magical schools.
They believe that anything is connected, from mind to body,
from the individual to the multitude, from tradition
to innovation, from the tiniest molecul of water
to the vastity of the space. Each magical discipline
is connected to the others. A body who conducts
electricyty would spread heat around itself. Objects
struck by light would get hotter. Wind is the child
of the fire and ice spirit(according to their folklore).
Water can be frozen and turned to ice or heated up
and turned to gas or winds.
Each discipline simply teaches the young Anima mage
to express their nature. Each Anima mage is born
with one of 8 affinities. From Fire to dark affinity.
Each affinity determines the element they are the most
comfortable to cast. Some veteran mages can manipulate
their affinity to be able to cast other types of magic.
Anima with fire affinity can cast fire magic, for example,
but a veteran one may cast thunder or light magic.
Each affinity cannot be eliminiated. Fire Anima give birth
to other fire Anima. Each Anima has a different color to represent
their affinity. Fire mages are red, thunder are yellow,
ice are blue, water are acquamarine, earth are brownish,
wind are teal, light are white, dark are purple.
There are also Anima with mixed affinities.
Anima with half thunder and half earth affinity can
learn metal spells. Half earth and half water can
learn plant spells. Half dark and half earth can learn toxic
spells. Half wind and half thunder can learn sound spells.
Their knowledge of physisc greatly improve their magical
abilities.

Horses aren't natives if their land. They imported some
from other continents, where they now graze upon the lowlands.
They learned the bow and arrows and used them in warfare,
but with the recent armor improvements, they are now
less useful. Theyre are still hunters who use bows,
but exclusively for hunting. All battle mages wear some
form of armor to protect against magical and physical
attacks. Their fur is naturally enchanted with mana, which
makes them resistent to fire, ice and thunder attacks. 