Magic is:
-the way the mana(life energy/tonalli/chi/quintessence) is used to perform actions
Ex. Mana is used to summon a fire ball. Mana is consumed during the process

-Mana is the life energy, which is produced by living beings.
The onyl exceptions are the mana crystals, which are crystals
who contain ample doses of mana.
Mana isn't created or destroyed, but changes forms.
There is a fixed amount of mana in the universe, which can't change.

-Mages have the ability to cast spells by channeling the mana found
inside their bodies, in the surrounding environment or other objects
who contain mana crystals.

-Spells can be casted in different ways: by using tomes, saying a
magic word, using a magic wand or by using a medium.
Tomes and magic wands are tools used to ease the spell-casting process.
These tools are made with mana dust, obtained from mana crystals.

-Some mages use a medium, that is, a spirit, a being from the
otherworld. These beings have no morals, and only follow
their agenda and istincts. Some spirits only care about the act of spellcasting.
A fire spirit would help a fire mage cast a fire spell in order to burn
down a orphanage, since the spirit only cares about the fire.
The number of spirits is said to be fixed, but it is yet to be proven.
Two mages can call the same fire spirit, as the spirits have no trouble 
being in two or more places at the same time.

-Mana comes in flavours. A red mana is best used for fire spells, but it
can also be used for all other spells. The flavour indicates the ease of use
for a particular spell.

-Shiperian mages have an affinity, which is used to determined which magic
category they are most proficient on.  A shiperian with red/orange fur has a fire affinity.
Some Shiperians can also have mixed affinities (wind-water). People with multiple affinities 
are less proficient in both magics than the people with one affinity, but high level
mages can combine magic types to create new exclusive spells. For example,
a wind-earth Shiperian mage can combined dust and wind to create a sandstorm spell.

-All people have affinities, but only all the Shiperians are born with innate spellcasting
talents. The Humans, florans and other bestfolk have a roughly 1/10 chance to be born as a mage.
Shiperians can lose the ability to cast magic if they don't practice costantly, 
unlike the other factions. Shiperians who have lost their magic talent have visible irises
and pupils.

-Recless spellcasting has various negative consequences. The drastic use of mana can
cause living beings to be turned into dying beings. Once a time, a thunder wizard casted a
powerful thunderstorm. It drained all the mana from the forest of the region, causing all the
trees to wither away. The enemy army was destroyed, but, due to the disappearence of the
forest, the country entered a long drought, which lasted for 500 years. The people of the
village moved away to much fertile regions.

-There are many ways to cast magic.
-The humans use tomes, as they prefer to not use the mana of the
environment and the mana contained inside the humans is too small
to be used for more than one spell. A single tomes can contain 50-10 uses of
a spell, which makes them more commonly used for sustained combat.
-The florans use the mana from the surrouding environment in combination with
staves and wands. The florans live in lush jungles who are rich in mana. With that
much energy, they sustain spellcasting for much longer.
-Shiperians and dragons can store huge quantities of mana in their bodies.
They also use tomes and other methods, but the former prefer to use the inner mane for training
and they use tools for combat

There are currently 12 schools of magic divided into 3 classes of complexity:
easy: fire, wind, water, light
intermediate: ice, earth, thunder, metal 
master: dark, sound(or music), toxic(or radiation), plant(or wood)

Dark magic is special, as it a set of various small type of magics.
There is also a difference. Dark magic has a small set of other
types of magic who are prohibited.
Legal dark magic: body, mind, gravity
Illegal: demon(evil spirit) summoning, possession, curses
