A long time ago, about 4000 years ago, nobody lived in Florania.
Only wild animals and plants. One day, due to some mysterious
circumstances, the plants began to evolve. They started
to develop consciousness, the abiltiy to communicate
and feel emotions. They began to form bonds and
complex social structures. They even developed a
new religion, called the religion of "Earth and Sky".
They believed in Mother Earth, who controlled all material
and ephimeral things, and Father Sky, who controlled
the spirit world in the Otherworld, also known as Heaven.
They believed that all evolved plants were special, and
that based on their thinking they could perform
good or evil, indipendent of their initial circumstances.
The plants behaved well, were sent to the Otherworld, otherwise,
their soul would roam aimlessly in this world as an angry
and evil spirit. They believe that all souls and spirits
cannot be destroyed, only created by Father Sky.
The elders discouraged the young evolved plants(not yet florans)
to behave badly, and to stay away from evil spirits.
They only way for an evil spirit to be scared away, was
to perform the old wind traditions teached by the elders.

The three sacred elements for florans are the wind, the water and the earth.
Later, they discovered other magical elements, life fire and thunder.

About 2000 years ago, the first humans arrived at Florania.
They established settlements, cut wood and hunted animals.
The evolved plants didn't like that. They got annoyed.
Some plants decided to evolve human like limbs, eyes, mouths
and learned the ability to walk, wield weapons and talk a new language.
Many elders disliked that, as they didn't want their youngs to
mingle with the human matters. The elders and many florans nowadays
believe that humans are inherentely evil, and should stay away
from all human materials and traditions.
The florans began to evolve to fight humans over the course of 1000 years.
At some point, the humans and the florans formed a brief alliance
to fight against a new opponents: the ants. Giant ant-men began swarming the
jungles of Florania, devouring anything in their path.
After defeating the invasion, the floran's hate for humans diminished
a little bit. Many humans and florans began living together in harmony,
others decided to live among their peers, others decided to live as far
as possible for anybody else. To this day, there are still plenty of cities
and settlements were relations are somewhat stable.

A few years after the Ant invasion, the florans began waging wars against themselves.
With little human aid, the various tribes of florans killed each other
with weapons, magic and sheer brutality. Entire geneaoligic trees were
extinguished. Tribes exterminated. Entire cities leveled. Fields burned.
Clorophyl(floran blood) turned the street green/yellow. A simply farmer
who had 12 children had enough, and formed an alliance against the
Ranun, one of the many enemy tribes. He got killed, but his children
resumed the fight with twice the convictions and thrice the strenght.
These children are called "The Son of Ivati", for Ivati being their father.
Each son was specialized in one weapon type and one magic type.
They defeated the Ranun, but died in the battle. Now, they are
venerated as Greatman(Saints,holy crusaders). Many warriors ask
for their guidance in their respective field.
After that, many wars and skirmishes followed, but none were as brutal
as the ones made by Ranun. 

About 100 years before the event of Temple of Ardesia, the Empire of Ranun
came back for conquest, descending from their mountains.
This time, there was no Son of Ivati to fend them off. The florans had
to develop new strategies to fend them off.
Against the moral consent, etical codes and their religion, some
researchers developed a new breed of florans. The symbios:
half human, half plant. They are a frankensteinina monstrosity:
a hybrid, mixed the strenght and weakness of a human and a plant.
This breed has super-human strenght, incredible regenerative properties,
incredible resilience to damage, very aggressive and follow orders
like a dog. These abominations were scorned by both florans and humans.
But the chieves of Faba, one of the orders of Aster, insisted that
they needed a way to fight the Ranun. The symbios managed
to escape from the researchers and began to reproduce uncontested.
They now live far away from all humans and florans.
Symbios look very similar to florans, but have some differences:
-bad temper, very aggressive
-Stronger than average human
-Ultra regeneration, capable to recover from amputation in minutes
-Animalisitic behaviour
-possessing multiple eyes
Some symbios have evolved to be more "civilized". This makes recognizing
them harder

There are now 3 major empires among the Florans:
-Empire of Ranun: wild and violent, the Ranun are trying to
destroy all enemies. Anything that isn't from Ranun must wither
-Empire of Rosa: a noble genre of florans who believe themselves
as superior from all others. Their might and economy is
second to none, but their tactics leave to be desired
-Empire of Aster: one of the most numerous and fierce
floran colations. They compensate their weakness
with strategies, ambushes and espionage. They are very
religious, and are often prime target from the Ranun.
They are the friendliest towards the humans. 
